and how do you know term imma silly we
have a small salon community here in
Eugene so everybody knows everybody so
would you place your friend or your
family member i will call myself a
family friend okay and how about you
she'll be awesome sh t LBI age spaces am
and same thing same thang family okay so
talk about why you're out here well the
media has been doing a lot of thrashing
on Jeremiah and the rest of the UofL
players that have been getting into
trouble and you know we're just
basically here because we love him and
you know there is nobody perfect we
don't know all the facts and everything
but we're here to support him and let
him know that were don't know that we're
on his side and you know regardless
nobody's perfect so we still love him
you know we can't turn our backs on him
and talk about what you're actually
wearing you're wearing his number um yes
these are t-shirts that were made by
family members they had a big game in
Stanford I believe and these were the
teachers that were sold down there San
Francisco and his mom came up here with
an uncle and they were selling some of
these teachers so all of us grabbed a
bunch of them
okay and same with you why is it so
important for you to be here today same
as her pretty much we just want to let
him know that for on his side and we
love him and we're just tired of hearing
all the stuff from everyone else hating
on him and stuff so there's been a lot
of negative things lots of negative
things said about him you know and to me
there's always morgut in anybody than
bad so you know everybody should try to
dwell and think about the good things
the better things the things that he's
done you know for the team do you think
he did this I don't know the facts I
just see what's on the newspaper I have
not talked to anybody personally you
know but I'm just going with the flow
what if he did we still support him of
course yes so yes no matter what we're
still going to support them yes and
what's the one thing you want everybody
to to know about this whole situation so
don't judge and don't be too harsh you
know the main thing is there is more
good in antibody you know and everybody
then there is bad you think he deserves
a second chance I believe everybody
deserves a second chance I'm not perfect
you know everybody deserves a second
chance
any more thoughts of you thank you to
burn